Terminology update and typo fixes (#972)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/high-availability/multi-az/index.md

With Giant Swarm on AWS and Azure you can easily launch clusters with worker nodes spread across multiple availability zones (AZ). This will lower the risk that your cluster will become unavailable due to an incident in a particular AWS or Azure data center.

> On AWS, starting with workload cluster release {{% first_aws_ha_controlplane_version %}}, control plane nodes of a cluster are spread over different availability zones by default, for high availability of the Kubernetes API. You can chose however to run only a single control plane node. Read [High-availability Kubernetes control plane]({{< relref "/advanced/high-availability/control-plane" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On AWS, starting with workload cluster release {{% first_aws_ha_controlplane_version %}}, control plane nodes of a cluster are spread over different availability zones by default, for high availability of the Kubernetes API. You can choose to run only a single control plane node. Read [High-availability Kubernetes control plane]({{< relref "/advanced/high-availability/control-plane" >}}) for more information.
```
